project-plan.md, before:

================
Trigger Points
================

1) Tweet Input Field :: Event: "keyup"
--------------------------------------
	(1) Count the length of the character typed in the input field
	(2) IF the characters 255, Show a msg of "Limit Exceeded" below the input box.

======================================

2) Submit btn :: Event: "click"
--------------------------------
	(1) Clicking the "Submit" btn, the text will be added to the "TWEETS" Section.

======================================

3) Clear btn :: Event: "click"
-------------------------------
	(1) Clicking the "Clear" btn, Everything will be back into the initial state.

======================================

4) Search Input box :: Event: "keyup"
--------------------------------------
	(1) Pressing on a key, filter and matche the tweets and show only the matched tweets. ( don't forget to convert all the typed text and the tweets into small letters. )

======================================

5) Tweet Edit btn ::

6) Tweet Delete btn ::

Commit message:

Initial Planning Completed. It will be updated time to time

project-plan.md, after:

=======================================
* Planning Through the Trigger Points
=======================================

1) Tweet Input Field :: Event: "keyup"
--------------------------------------
	(1) Count the length of the character typed in the input field
	(2) IF the characters 255, Show a msg of "Limit Exceeded" below the input box.

======================================

2) Submit btn :: Event: "click"
--------------------------------
	(1) Clicking the "Submit" btn, the text will be added to the "TWEETS" Section and the Input field will be cleared.
	(2) The tweet will also be added to the "Local Storage"

======================================

3) Clear btn :: Event: "click"
-------------------------------
	(1) Clicking the "Clear" btn, the Input field will be cleared.

======================================

4) Search Input box :: Event: "keyup"
--------------------------------------
	(1) Pressing on a key, filter and matche the tweets and show only the matched tweets. ( don't forget to convert all the typed text and the tweets into small letters. )

======================================

5) Tweet Edit btn :: Event: "click"
-------------------------------------
	(1) Clicking the Edit icon, its tweet will be shown in the input field.
	(2) Clicking "Submit" btn after Editing, The Display tweet and the Local Storage Tweet will be replaced

======================================

6) Tweet Delete btn :: Event: "click"
--------------------------------------
	(1) Clicking the Delete icon, there will be an Alert of Confirmation appeared.
	(2) If "Yes" the tweet will be removed.
